this is 360 seconds your bite size guide
to the nation's favorite dance
extravaganza we are back and bigger than
ever before this year or glittering
celebrities include Olympians pop
royalty national treasures legendary
soap stars and a queen of the catwalk ah
strictly premier saw the class of 2012
perform a spectacular routines were
finally paired with their son leprosy
hopeful we had Fernan awesome
Danny in Vincent Victorian Brendan Nicky
and Karen Johnny and Ally owners Sid and
Allah Kimberly and Pasha visceral Robin
Denise and James Jerry Nance on Michael
and monthly Luiza Flavia Richard and
Aaron and Collin and Christina oh now
the hard work really begins as our 14
couple hit the rear saloons the live
shows will return in three weeks but
until then enjoy a daily dose of strip
you got it right here at BBC doctor at
UK